

@Test

TestRunner:testrunners are used to run a particular testcase.
It will also display the errors and success in the console.

testrunners can have main method
testcases shldnt use main method.
we can test a testcase using testrunner
------------------
Exception testing using Junit:
----------------------
ArthimeticException

1)write a simple junit testrunner to test the below logic.

swaping of two nos:
a=3 b=56

After swapping it shld be a=56 b=3

int a=3;
int b=56;
a=a+b-(b=a);
Sop(a+":"+b);


BDD:
====
behaviour driven development.

No 2 persons can see same object in same way.

reason? perception/interpretation

communication gap between customer and developers

customers will share the requirements with Business analyst or project owners.architects.

1)
customer is from japan(japanise lang)
developer is from srilanka(english )

2)
customer is from US(english)
developer is from India(english )

what is the problem?

1)language is the problem 
2)accent is the problem

 communication GAP.
 because of this type of problems,we shld not loose business.
 
 fix?  BDD will solve the problem.
 
 to resolve the same we wll use cucumber.
 
 cucumber  uses Gherkin language as a communication language
 Gherkin is similar to english but with protocols.
 
 BDD--->Cucumber--->Gherkin
  
 to work on cucumber we need to enable below plugin.
 
 Steps to check:
 
 1)Create a maven quickstart project.
 2)right click on the project,move to others and search for Cucumber
 
Exercise: prepare manual testing basics based on the pdf provided.
if we want to work on maven,always we need to point out to JDK.

1)create a maven java project
2)create a features folder under java project
3)create a feature file.

Feature file: it is group of scenario's.
Scenario: it is group of steps

fb: login screen 2 scenarios
1)positive sc  if username and password are valid
2)negitive sc if username and password are invalid
3)negitive sc if we forgot username and provided password

.feature is the extension.

to write a scenario,we need to learn gherkin language.

Given ----always indicates prerequisite for the test steps
When---always indicates condition which shld match
Then---what shld happen iif the condition mentioned in when is satisfied

A feature file is a combination of multiple scenarios






 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

























